BootProbe/SoftProbe 2.3
Copyright (C) Mehdi Sotoodeh.  All rights reserved.
msotoodeh@hotmail.com


License
-------
THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HERE IS FREEWARE AND IS PLACED IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN 
BY THE AUTHOR WITH THE HOPE THAT IT CAN BE USEFUL.
YOU SHOULD AGREE WITH THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE USING
ANY PART OF THIS PACKAGE.
THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES 
WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.  NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE IS OFFERED.  ADDITIONALLY, THE AUTHOR SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE 
FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF REVENUE, DOWN TIME OR ANY DIRECT OR 
INDIRECT DAMAGE CAUSED BY THIS SOFTWARE. THE USER MUST ASSUME THE ENTIRE 
RISK OF USING THIS SOFTWARE.  


BootProbe
=========
BootProbe generates floppy or CD image file that can be used to debug 
boot related issues.
Booting a system using a BootProbe generated image enables you to debug 
the target OS boot process and diagnose MBR, partition and OS boot 
related issues.
Images generated by BootProbe do not have any OS depenency and can be 
used for variety of operating systems. It can be activated by a hot 
key while system is in real mode or a real mode session is active.
BootProbe should work with phyical and virtual machines.
See SOFTPROB.PDF for additional information.

BootProbe - Typical usage:
--------------------------
  - Use BootProbe.exe to generate and configure bootable images.
  - Boot a system using generated image
    You may use a physical or virtual system.
  - Type C at boot prompt to boot from C drive
    BootProbe loads the C drive MBR and waits for your instruction
  - Type h follwed by 13 <enter>
    This installs a hook for all functions of int 0x13.
    With this hook you can examine disk accesses.
  - Press q to quit BootProbe and continue OS boot.
    BootProbe hook display the current disk access hook.
    When a hook is hit, your choices are:
      + Press or hold <Ctrl> key to continue for next hook
      + Press <tab> to step into the interrupt service routine
      + Press <Alt> key to break after executing the INT handler.
  - Examine system memory, execution path, ...
  - Remove all hooks by: <ATL>-h 00 <enter>


SoftProbe
=========
SoftProbe is system level debugger for DOS and DOS-alike operating
systems. It has a small footprint and stays in the background until 
it is activated by hot key combination (<L-shift> <R-shift>), 
breakpoints, hooks or some other events.
SoftProbe and BootProbe share a lot of code and functionality. The
major diffenece is the support for DOS-specific operations while
BootProbe is OS neutral.
SoftProbe can be loaded as device driver or as a TSR.
See docs\SOFTPROB.PDF for additional information.

